h1. Getting Started using atrium in your own Application

h2. Before You Begin 

*!!! This is a WORK IN PROGRESS !!!*

This tutorial is a work in progress.

h1. Atrium

Atrium is a Rails Engines plugin containing the core code for a Atrium application.  The full hydra stack includes the following:

- "Blacklight":http://projectblacklight.org/  (a rails engines plugin) for the User Interface
- "Solr":http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ (a java application, also ported to other languages) for the Search Engine 
- Atrium (a rails engines plugin) to create collection, exhibit and showcase base on the blacklight configuration


This is a Ruby on Rails 3 gem.

h2. Installation/Setup

h3. Install Rails, Bundler and Devise

Currently Atrium is compatible with Rails 3.1

<pre>
gem install 'rails' --version '~>3.0.11'
gem install 'bundler'
</pre>
  
h3. Generate a new rails application:

<pre>
rails new my_hydra_head
cd my_hydra_head
</pre>

h3. Install Dependencies

First, add them to the "Gemfile":http://gembundler.com/gemfile.html of your application:

<pre>
  source 'http://rubygems.org'

  gem 'rails', '~>3.1.3'

  gem 'blacklight', '~> 3.2'
  

  # We will assume that you're using sqlite3 for testing/demo, 
  # but in a production setup you probably want to use a real sql database like mysql or postgres
  gem 'sqlite3'

  #  We will assume you're using devise in tutorials/documentation. 
  # You are free to implement your own User/Authentication solution in its place.
  gem 'devise'

  # For testing.  You will probably want to use all of these to run the tests you write for your hydra head
  group :development, :test do 
	gem 'bcrypt-ruby'
	gem 'capybara'
	gem 'cucumber-rails'
	gem 'database_cleaner'
	gem 'factory_girl'
	gem 'mocha'
	gem 'rspec'
	gem 'rspec-rails', '>=2.5.0'
	gem 'ruby-debug'  
	gem 'sqlite3'
	gem "jettywrapper"         
  end # (leave this comment here to catch a stray line inserted by blacklight!)
</pre>

To install all of the dependencies, run:

<pre>
bundle install
</pre>

On some systems, you will have to install system libraries that various gems rely on.  For example, in order to install the curl gem on ubuntu you have to first install libcurl4-openssl-dev and then re-run bundler.

h3. Run the generators and migrations:

Run the blacklight generator

<pre>rails g blacklight --devise</pre>

Run the atrium generator

<pre>rails g atrium -df</pre>

Run the database migrations

<pre>
rake db:migrate
rake db:test:prepare
</pre>

h3. You're done.

Congratulations.  You've set up the code for your Atrium.  

Read "Tools for Developing and Testing":http://hudson.projecthydra.org/job/hydra-head-rails3-plugin/Documentation/file.Tools.html, then read "How to Get Started":http://hudson.projecthydra.org/job/hydra-head-rails3-plugin/Documentation/file.HOW_TO_GET_STARTED.html to get a sense of what you can do with your Hydra Head.

h2. Modifying and Testing the Atrium Gem 

#TODO

h2. Acknowledgements

